docs(interoperability): add 10 issue context files matching template #76 (#92)
medic/cht-agent: agent-memory/domains/interoperability/issues/9936-add-user-agent-header-outbound.md

## Root Cause

The `shared-libs/outbound/src/outbound.js` had added a `User-Agent` header only for outbound requests in a prior commit (`9bcc58a`). However, RapidPro requests made through other CHT code paths went through the shared `couch-request` library, which had no `User-Agent` header. Because the header was only set in one specific code path (outbound), requests from other integration paths were still missing it. The real fix was to centralize User-Agent generation in `couch-request` so every outgoing HTTP request gets the header.

## Solution

Added a `getUserAgent` function to `shared-libs/couch-request/src/couch-request.js` that dynamically generates a User-Agent string using the CHT version, OS platform, and architecture (e.g. `CommunityHealthToolkit/4.x linux x64`). The `setRequestOptions` function was updated to include this header on every request if a User-Agent is not already set by the caller.

The existing `getUserAgent` code and `CHT_AGENT` constant were simultaneously **removed** from `shared-libs/outbound/src/outbound.js`, as this responsibility was now centralized in `couch-request`.

> A circular dependency existed between `couch-request` and `server-info` (because `server-info` called `couch-request` to read the version from CouchDB, and `couch-request` was now calling `server-info` for the User-Agent). This was resolved by adding lazy loading (requiring `couch-request` inside the function body) inside `getDeployInfo` in `shared-libs/server-info/src/index.js`.

Reviewer: Per PR #9937's actual diff, the lazy-require was added inside `shared-libs/environment/src/index.js` (where `getDeployInfo` lived at that point), not `server-info`. The require pattern was `require('@medic/couch-request')` (the `@medic` scope, not relative). `getDeployInfo` was relocated to `server-info` in a later refactor, but this file is documenting the ticket itself.

```suggestion
A circular dependency existed between `couch-request` and `environment` (because `environment` called `couch-request` to read the version from CouchDB, and `couch-request` was now calling `environment` for the User-Agent). This was resolved by adding lazy loading (`require('@medic/couch-request')` inside the function body) inside `getDeployInfo` in `shared-libs/environment/src/index.js`.
```

## Code Patterns

- `getUserAgent` is defined in `shared-libs/couch-request/src/couch-request.js` and called inside `setRequestOptions` before every HTTP request
- The header is only set if the caller has not already set their own `User-Agent` — custom headers are never overridden

> - Format: `CommunityHealthToolkit/<version> <platform> <arch>` where version, platform and arch are read at runtime

Reviewer: Actual format string in PR #9937's diff (`couch-request.js`) is `` `${CHT_AGENT}/${chtVersion} (${platform},${arch})` `` with `CHT_AGENT = 'Community Health Toolkit'` (spaces in name). Real format uses parens and a comma, not space-separated fields.

```suggestion
- Format: `Community Health Toolkit/<version> (<platform>,<arch>)` where version comes from `environment.getVersion()` and platform/arch from Node's `os` module
```

> - The lazy load pattern in `getDeployInfo` (`require('./couch-request')` inside the function body rather than at the top) was used to break the circular dependency — this is an intentional, documented exception; `getDeployInfo` caches its result so the `require` only executes once

Reviewer: Tweaks: `require('@medic/couch-request')` (scoped) rather than `./couch-request`, and the "only executes once" guarantee comes from Node's module cache rather than `getDeployInfo`'s own result cache.

```suggestion
- The lazy load pattern in `getDeployInfo` (`require('@medic/couch-request')` inside the function body rather than at the top) was used to break the circular dependency. This is an intentional, documented exception; Node's module cache makes subsequent calls effectively free.
```

- Pattern: always centralize cross-cutting HTTP headers (User-Agent, auth) in the lowest-level request library, not in individual consumers

## Design Choices

- Moved User-Agent to `couch-request` (not just the outbound lib) so ALL outgoing CHT HTTP requests carry the header, making the fix future-proof
- Made the version dynamic from `@medic/server-info` rather than hardcoded, so the header stays accurate across CHT upgrades
- Chose lazy loading to resolve the circular dependency rather than removing the version from the User-Agent, so that external services get useful version information
- Per-request `headers` config can still override the default User-Agent for deployments with specific requirements

## Related Files

- shared-libs/couch-request/src/couch-request.js
- shared-libs/couch-request/test/couch-request.js
- shared-libs/outbound/src/outbound.js
- shared-libs/server-info/src/index.js

> - shared-libs/server-info/test/index.spec.js

Reviewer: PR #9937 modified `environment/src/index.js`, not `server-info/src/index.js` (the relocation happened later). Aligning Related Files with the ticket scope.

```suggestion
- shared-libs/environment/src/index.js
- shared-libs/environment/test/index.spec.js
```
